Welcome to Halo Content. 

This work is part of an augmented reality project that is designed to manage text in head mounted displays. 

The paper is available here:
http://dl.acm.org/citation.cfm?id=2701375

If you publish an extension of the software or use the implementation for comparison, I humbly ask that you cite the paper:
Orlosky, J., Kiyokawa, K., Toyama, T., & Sonntag, D. (2015, March). Halo Content: Context-aware Viewspace Management for Non-invasive Augmented Reality. In Proceedings of the 20th International Conference on Intelligent User Interfaces (pp. 369-373). ACM.

---

Instructions for use:
1) For this particular implementation you will need JavaCV, which can be found here:
https://github.com/bytedeco/javacv

A great tutorial for installation of both JavaCV and OpenCV for Eclipse can be found here:
http://opencvlover.blogspot.jp/2012/04/javacv-setup-with-eclipse-on-windows-7.html

Just make sure the JavaCV.jar file is imported into your project. 

Alternatively, you can pass a 640x480 IplImage to the haloContent(IplImage img2) method via a camera method of your choice.  Note that face detection also requires OpenCV's Haar classifier.

2) Make sure the location of the .xml files included in /src is in your classpath. 

3) Make sure a 640x480 USB webcam is accessable to OpenCV.

4) Run HaloContent.java

At this point, you should see a webcamera image with four "blocks" of content rendered onto the image. These blocks will move up and away from any faces detected in the image.
It should look something like this: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9Vbs1oLpk38

The up and down arrows can be used to add or remove content.  You are free to replace these blue blocks with your own images, icons, etc.

There are three important parameters to note: 
A) In FaceManager on line 25, "N", which is the persistence threshold in number of frames.
Increasing this number will increase the time that content is kept away from faces.

B) In HaloContent on line 304, "N", which is the distance in pixels that content will be kept away from the nearest face.

C) In HaloContent on line 398, "averagingLength", which is the number of last positions of content to average. This results in a nice smoothing effect of content. 

Recommended parameters are 10, 200, and 6, respectively. 

---
That should be it! 
Feel free to message me with any questions.

Jason
